README.md, before:

# Visualization project - Pay Comparison by Gender for US Managers

## Summary

	The intent of the project is to compare average weekly pay for women
	with that of men as it changes with time. The same graph also displays number of women
	and men in the workforce, and allows the user to compare it and understand how 
	it has changed with time.
	
## Design
	To compare both variables - 'average pay' and 'count', I chose to use a rectangular graph
	where the count of men is displayed on the positive x axis, while the count of
	women is displayed on the negative x axis. The average pay for both is displayed along the 
	Y axis, which allows for convenient comparison.
	
###	Animation
	The graph is animated for data across the last 10 yrs. It displays values for each 
	year over this time period. I also allowed the user to interact with the data using
	a drop down list. The user can select the year for which the data is to be displayed.
	
###	Feedback
	The data drives the point that over years the count of men and women managers in the 
	US has increased significantly, and so has their average pay. However, the pay gender 
	gap hasn't changed. The ratio of the average pay of women to that of men is still the same.
	
	I'd like to get feedback on the design and usability of the graph, and how I can improve
	it to drive this point home.

Commit message:

Added user feedback
Included feedback from 3 users and information on changes incorporated.

README.md, after:

# Visualization project - Pay Comparison by Gender for US Managers

## Summary

	The intent of the project is to compare average weekly pay for women
	with that of men as it changes with time. The same graph also displays number of women
	and men in the workforce, and allows the user to compare it and understand how 
	it has changed with time.
	
## Design
	To compare both variables - 'average pay' and 'count', I chose to use a rectangular graph
	where the count of men is displayed on the positive x axis, while the count of
	women is displayed on the negative x axis. The average pay for both is displayed along the 
	Y axis, which allows for convenient comparison.
	
###	Animation
	The graph is animated for data across the last 10 yrs. It displays values for each 
	year over this time period. I also allowed the user to interact with the data using
	a drop down list. The user can select the year for which the data is to be displayed.
	
###	Finding
	The data drives the point that over years the count of men and women managers in the 
	US has increased significantly, and so has their average pay. However, the pay gender 
	gap hasn't changed. The ratio of the average pay of women to that of men is still the same.
	
	I'd like to get feedback on the design and usability of the graph, and how I can improve
	it to drive this point home.

## Feedback

###	User 1 - for initial version
	1. It is very difficult to notice changes from one quarter to the other, even during an animation. Would be better to show changes from one year to the next.
	2. Display the pay gender ratio clearly to clarify the finding.
	3. Need these changes to make the visualization pop out and be more noticeable.

###	User 2 - for updated version
	1. The visualization is OK. Here are a couple of suggestions for alternate visuals
		a. Use a slider to view changes from one year to another instead of a drop down.
		b. Use a bubble chart to show growth in pay across the years. Show two bubbles for each year with the bubble size indicating the pay.
###	User 3 - for updated version
	1. Animation looks good. Here are a couple of suggestions for alternate visuals
		a. Display all 10years data in a single heat or pie chart. Clicking on one of the elements displays the pay for each of the sexes.This will allow additional colors on the chart, and will garner attention.

## Actions taken on feedback
	1. Animation was changed to display changes annually.
	2. The pay gender ratio was displayed clearly on the chart.	
	3. Suggestions from other users were not considered for now, as they distract from the point of a 'sticky' gender pay ratio.

## Resources
	1. U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
